this video will show how to replace the
hard drive on the latitude East 6420
slide the latches over and lift the
battery out remove the four hard drive
screws slide the hard drive out of the
laptop remove the hard drive caddy screw
remove the hard drive caddy replace the
hard drive caddy secure the caddy with
the screw slide the hard drive into the
laptop replace the hard drive screws
place the battery into the laptop press
the battery down until it locks into
place
view the video description below for
links to replacement parts please like
and subscribe
thank you for choosing parts people for
your video tutorials